Test & fix broken links for Additional info , Troubleshooting section in docs (#195)
openebs/website: docs/versioned_docs/version-2.11.0/additional-info/faq.md

### What is the difference between cStor Pool creation using manual method and auto method?

> By using manual method, you must give the selected disk name which is listed by NDM. This details has to be entered in the StoragePoolClaim YAML under `diskList` . See [storage pool](/user-guides/cstor-csi#creating-cstor-storage-pools) for more info. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By using manual method, you must give the selected disk name which is listed by NDM. This details has to be entered in the StoragePoolClaim YAML under `diskList` . See [storage pool](/deprecated/spc-based-cstor#creating-cstor-storage-pools) for more info. 
```

> By using manual method, you must give the selected disk name which is listed by NDM. This details has to be entered in the StoragePoolClaim YAML under `diskList` . See [storage pool](/user-guides/cstor-csi#creating-cstor-storage-pools) for more info. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By using manual method, you must give the selected disk name which is listed by NDM. This details has to be entered in the StoragePoolClaim YAML under `diskList` . See [storage pool](/deprecated/spc-based-cstor#creating-cStor-storage-pools) for more info. 
```

It is also possible to change `maxPools` count and `poolType` in the StoragePoolClaim YAML. 
Consider you have 4 nodes with 2 disks each. You can select `maxPools` count as 3, then cStor pools will be created in any 3 nodes out of 4. The remaining disks belonging to 4th Node can be used for horizontal scale up in future.
Advantage is that there is no restriction in the number of disks for the creation of cStor storage pool using `striped` or `mirrored` Type.

> By auto method, its not need to provide the disk details in the StoragePoolClaim YAML. You have to specify `maxPools` count to limit the storage pool creation in OpenEBS cluster and `poolType` for the type of storage pool such as Mirrored or Striped.  See [storage pool](/user-guides/cstor-csi#creating-cstor-storage-pools) for more info.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By auto method, its not need to provide the disk details in the StoragePoolClaim YAML. You have to specify `maxPools` count to limit the storage pool creation in OpenEBS cluster and `poolType` for the type of storage pool such as Mirrored or Striped.  See [storage pool](/deprecated/spc-based-cstor#creating-cstor-storage-pools) for more info.
```

> By auto method, its not need to provide the disk details in the StoragePoolClaim YAML. You have to specify `maxPools` count to limit the storage pool creation in OpenEBS cluster and `poolType` for the type of storage pool such as Mirrored or Striped.  See [storage pool](/user-guides/cstor-csi#creating-cstor-storage-pools) for more info.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By auto method, its not need to provide the disk details in the StoragePoolClaim YAML. You have to specify `maxPools` count to limit the storage pool creation in OpenEBS cluster and `poolType` for the type of storage pool such as Mirrored or Striped.  See [storage pool](/deprecated/spc-based-cstor#creating-cStor-storage-pools) for more info.
```

## See Also:

> [Creating cStor Pool](/user-guides/cstor-csi#creating-cstor-storage-pools) [Provisioning cStor volumes](/user-guides/cstor-csi#creating-a-cstor-volume-snapshot) [Uninstall](/user-guides/uninstall)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Creating cStor Pool](/deprecated/spc-based-cstor#creating-cStor-storage-pools) [Provisioning cStor volumes](/deprecated/spc-based-cstor#provisioning-a-cStor-volume) [Uninstall](/user-guides/uninstall)
```
